1)In xml /html entities start with ____ and end with ___
2)valid XML instruction                                                  <?xml version="1." encoding="UTF-8"?>                                              <?xml version="1." encoding="UTF-8"?>
3)in xml,environment specific terminologies are captured as language tags
4)Which of the following part of URL specifies a part of position with in overall resource and browser may scroll to  display that part of page directly.
5)which fo the following is not valid from given dom methods ? 1-firstchild 2-firstsibling 3- lastchild 4-previous sibling
6)the class used to create a doc object in js code to process the xml doc
7)which of the following tag is used to embed css in html page
8)the classes used to create  a document object in a javascript code to process XML documet?
9)which is the synonym of jQuery() function?
10)file which splits into packets will be assigned a destination address 1- IP 2-TCP 3-FTP 4-TELNET 5-SMTP
11)The datatype of a Javascript variable ..............
12)document.write() function displays the  new content without overwriting earlier presented material? yes or no
13)which of the following is wellformedness criteria for xml documents
14)Which is the ML aspect in HTML?
15)which of  the following is/are the wellformedness criteria for XML document
16)The datatype of Javascript is nothing it assigns based on the data type u given.
17)Which is used to take an action to send form data to a serve?
18)the class used to dreate a document object in a javascript
19)which of the following java script event will occur when web page gets loaded? 1)onUnload 2)onload 3)when load 4)after load 5)before load
20)TCP
21)Which method will return a single element with specified value?
22)synonyum of jquerry is $()
23)IN DTD we use-------keyword,when we want an attribute to have a fixed value without allowing the author to change it?
24)true or false s1:xml was designed to display data with focus on how data looks    s2:xml allows creation of user defined tags to give structure tags to give structure and meaning to data
25)which of the following is not valid from dom methods?
options-first child,first sibling,last child,previous sibling
26)which of the following element is used for activation of click event of javascript.
ans :submit or button
27)